Error: reading the operation code
Error: reading the operation code
place_initial_bet()!
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
Error: invalid operation code
aa
place_initial_bet()!
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
reached fwrite()
Error: invalid operation code
execl failed
place_initial_bet()!
reached fwrite()
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
reached fwrite()
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
reached fwrite()
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
reached fwrite()
Error: invalid operation code
Error: invalid operation code
Error: invalid operation code
Error: invalid operation code
Error: invalid operation code
Error: invalid operation code
place_initial_bet()!
reached fwrite()
place_initial_bet()!
reached fwrite()
Error: reading the operation code
place_initial_bet()!
reached fwrite()
place_initial_bet()!
reached fwrite()
Error: reading the operation code
